Add warning for incoming osg-ca-certs changes (SOFTWARE-5745) (#135)
osg-htc/docs: docs/release/osg-23.md

Latest News
-----------

!!! warning "Incoming changes to `osg-ca-certs`"
    To address an issue with certificates issued by SHA1 CAs on EL9 systems and EL8 systems configured to use the
    `FUTURE` system crypto policy,
    the OSG Software Team intends to release a fix to the `osg-ca-certs` package during the **week of November 27,
    2023** (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-5745>).

    -   If you are running OSG-supported software (e.g., HTCondor, XRootD),
        update to the new version of `osg-ca-certs`.

>     -   If you are running unsupported, java-based software (e.g., dCache) with `osg-ca-certs`,
>         install `osg-ca-certs-java` instead of `osg-ca-certs`.
>         `osg-ca-certs-java` is compatible with java-based software but does not include the aforementioned fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   If you are running non-OSG-supported, Java-based software (e.g., dCache) with `osg-ca-certs`,
        install `osg-ca-certs-java` instead of `osg-ca-certs`.
        `osg-ca-certs-java` is compatible with Java-based software but does not include the aforementioned fix.
```
